Now let's also fixed the game over screen.
It's not that bad because it's scroll.
Of course you can also play around with different layouts there you could shrink the image further if
you're on a smaller screen that's something you can do you'll learn how to do that with dimensions with
event listeners.
Use the fact and use state.
I will keep it very simple here and just make sure that we take advantage of the scroll view.
We already have and have a little bit more spacing at the bottom so that this looks better.
That's of course very easy to implement on the game over screen in the end.
I have my main button here at the bottom and I just need more spacing here or in other words in this
view which holds all the content on my screen.
I just need to add a little bit of padding here padding vertical to be precise.
So top and bottom of let's say 10.
That's a very simple change of course.
As I said you could go more complex than that.
You learned all about the tools you need for that Whip's
let's start a game.
Well let's quickly have a look if that simple fix does the job though.
And with that I'm good again.
We have some things there which you could improve.
For example we're locking in the width of the image based on the orientation we have when we start.
And that's not what we might want here.
We might want to dynamically recalculate this and for Dad you would have to manage it with inline styles
and state and use effect and an event listener.
I'll leave it like this here.
Although to not unnecessarily bloat this module but you'll learn about the tools you need for that.
And with that you got all the basic tools mostly the dimensions API and the different ways of using
it to build nice user interfaces which look good and work rate on different orientations and different
device sizes.